There's no saving America -- we need to pull it out by the roots. Wipe the slate clean. Burn it down! And from the ashes, a new America will be born. Evolved, but untamed! Nanomachines, son. They harden in response to physical trauma. Men will fight for reasons they don't understand, causes they don't believe in... But at least I'll leave a worthy successor... You, Jack. You carve your own path, use whatever methods you see fit… You should try fighting for what you believe in sometime, Jack. Not for a company, or for a nation, or for anyone else. Try University of Texas. Coulda gone pro if I hadn't joined the Navy. I'm not one of those beltway pansies. I could break the president in two with my bare hands! You still don't get it! I'm using war as a business to get elected! So I can end war as a business... In my new America, people will die and kill... for what they believe! Not for money, not for oil, not for what they're told is right! Every man will be free to fight his own wars! Hah... so, what do you think? I owe you for that speech you wrote. It did wonders for my approval ratings! You understand what matters. Filters, information control, none of that matters anymore. Alright...The truth, then. You're right about one thing -- I do need capital, and votes! Wanna know why?! I have a dream! The weak will be purged, and the strongest will thrive -- free to live as they see fit, they'll make America great again! One day every person in this nation will control their OWN destiny. A land of the truly free, dammit. A nation of action, not words. Ruled by strength, not committee. Last I checked, vagrant children weren't exactly rare in this part of the world. Millions of them, in fact. You can get more once we've set up a new lab. They lead lives of hunger and pain. We're performing a service here -- for them, and the cities they burden. That's just the spark son. The excuse we've been waiting for. America's wanted this war for years. The Patriots -- they knew war was good for the economy. Four years later their legacy lingers on… Relax, Jack. It's a 'war on terror'. We're not out to kill civilians. Extremists. Lawless gangs. Madmen. Of course, that would have to include you. Wouldn't want any eyewitness reports complicating the message. People these days don’t care about what’s right or wrong. It’s all about the spin, how well you can shift blame to the other guy. People these days only see what they want to see.